Spring Break is here which means the
city is teeming with visitors from all
over the world the most budget-minded of
whom stay at a youth hostel down the
street the walk of fame backpackers
hostel now beds there go for about forty
eight dollars a night you share a room
you share a bathroom you share a shower
and who knows what else you might it
isn't exactly luxurious so we came up
with a game to give the kids staying
there a chance to upgrade to a beautiful
hotel suite and it's time now to play
hasta LaVista how are you I'm doing
great I mean I have the kids junior
college fund on twelve ncle eight D
games right now but let's continue with
this dump now bets on every sporting
event that's happening and yes he is
very tense today let's meet our
contestants al we're both staying at the
youth hostel first of all we have Rocio
as Rocio you're nice yeah I Rocio where
are you from I'm from Argentina
Argentina Wow how about that what city
in Argentina bonus itis and what do you
do for work there in Argentina
well even London oh you live in London
yes oh alright
right well okay so you moved from
Argentina to London yes
why yeah because I wanted to study
visual arts visual arts and are you
studying visual arts yes you are and do
you have a job yes what do you do for a
living I'm a receptionist Oh Oh what
sort of a place in the Melbourne Hotel
in London Oh in a hotel yes is that a
nice hotel it is is it like a big fancy
hotel it is oh so this must be quite a
transition for you I know all right all
right hi there hi how are you
sorry run see oh there's hooligans
behind you now that's our next
contestant your opponent who is Brenton
hi Brandon where are you from hey Kimmy
head Gowen I'm from Australia Branton
I've never met anyone named Branton
before it's very good to meet you what
do you do for work there in Australia um
mechanical fitter we just fix machines
and all that sort of stuff okay you work
with your hands then yeah yeah all right
do you know much about the city of Los
Angeles a little bit a little bit since
bein here Rocio what about you do you
know much about our city yes I do you do
okay good all right well this is what
you're playing for
you're playing for a newly renovated
King suite at the Hollywood Roosevelt
Hotel
why even a toilet all to yourself but to
make the dream come true you have to
know more than your opponent about our
city and state Los Angeles California
are you ready to play yes all right here
we go question number one where do our
local Real Housewives live the Real
Housewives of Branton California we're
off to a bad start
Rocio do you have any idea what the
answer is hi wait Nana's not know the
Real Housewives of Beverly Hills is what
we were looking for all right we have a
tie at zero
next question what two letters are on
the Dodgers baseball caps rocío D and oh
no no no it's not do you know Branton
branchy do you know what letters were on
the Dodgers baseball caps LA
all right next question
Katy Perry once sang california girls
we're unforgettable daisy dukes bikinis
on top sun-kissed skin so hot we'll melt
your blank will melt your blank Katy
Perry no Katy Perry's Branton bikinis on
top I'd said that already Brandon Rocio
do you know we don't melt your blank can
you repeat it no I can't forget it's
question name this green like seed
commonly found in LA Bowls restaurant
balls
yes Rocio you know that's quinoa yes
that's exactly we have a time oh no we
have a very sad and drinking around
Oh do you guys hear Toys R Us is closing
yeah
alright alright we did one more question
this is gonna be our tie breaking
question okay finish this song lyric I
got in one little fight and mom got
scared she said you're movin with your
auntie and uncle in Rocio do you seems
so confident Branton do you know what
we're looking for here
New York no it was again the theme is
California alright well let's try
another tiebreaker who played Axel Foley
in Beverly Hills Cop the movie Beverly
Hills Cop who played Axel Foley Brampton
Eddie Murphy
are those are bags presents I was gonna
grab your bags and bring you to the
hotel of your dreams and don't worry
Rocio we have a gift for my new
flip-flops for the shower and toilet
seat covers handed in by a man who
appears to be a baby
[Applause]
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and I am not allowed
to eat this cookie until you click the
subscribe button so please click now I'm
hungry